there's a lot of great stuff going on
the Winter Olympics was the most
heartwarming moment thus far was when if
Alex bill Adele won the gold medal and
to celebrate he pulled his brother who
suffers from cerebral palsy out of the
stands to join him in celebration I'm
like a cretin this is IO trends let's do
the whole start real quick when Alex the
Canadian completed his near-perfect run
in the men's freestyle skiing he was
gonna win the gold and to celebrate he
brought over his brother Frederick Alex
has spoken numerous times about the
inspiration that he gets from his
brother who was diagnosed with cerebral
palsy and was told that he wouldn't even
be able to walk by the age of 12 well 15
years later Frederick is doing fantastic
and he's all smiles celebrating with his
brother Alex went on to talk about his
brother and competing in the Olympics
stating that every day I feel lucky to
be a normal person that has the chance
to go after his dreams and his brother
well he doesn't have that chance so out
of respect to him
Alex says I need to go after that and
with his motivation he would be a
four-time Olympic champion talking about
his brother saying that he had the heart
of an athlete he may not have the
physical ability but the guy has so
motivated so strong-willed if he could
compete he would cry Alex seems like one
heck of a guy one heck of a brother and
winning the gold she's better with being
selfish all he can do is praise his
brother for the inspiration and the
motivation that he gets from him that's
lovely brothers embracing to have so
much compassion and when the whole world
is watching you to invite your brother
in that is absolutely beautiful the goal
for Alex and freestyle skiing it means
that he is the first mogul skier with
multiple Olympic medals as well as three
World Championship goals and dual moguls
this guy is just crushing it he knows
what he's doing out there and we're
happy to have in Canada's cheering him
on we're cheering on Frederick as well
I'm liking with credit we are doing all
sorts of news on the Olympics and all
sorts of entertainment stuff so we sure
do
tune in the IRS what do you think about
ski down the end in this what do you
think if I ski down the hill leave this
what do you think that they leave this